PRODDOCS-531: depends on with two dashes (#8609)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/exposures.md

_Expected:_
- **depends_on**: list of refable nodes, including `metric`, `ref`, and `source`. While possible, it is highly unlikely you will ever need an `exposure` to depend on a `source` directly.

> :::tip 

Reviewer: @nataliefiann  can you indent rows 58 to 62 so the note appears under the bullet? I think it's maybe 2 or 3 spaces, but you'll have to test it and see how it looks on staging.

> Not to be confused with [`-- depends_on`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/statement-blocks#example-using-depends_on), a SQL comment directive defined at the top of a model SQL file. This directive explicitly adds dependencies to the DAG, ensuring the referenced resources are built before the model executes.

Reviewer: This is a sentence fragment. I also added a comma because when you said "this" I wondered if you meant the one above or the SQL comment one.
```suggestion
Try not to confuse this `depends_on` YAML property with the [`-- depends_on`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/statement-blocks#example-using-depends_on), a SQL comment directive defined at the top of a model SQL file, which explicitly adds dependencies to the DAG and ensures the referenced resources are built before the model executes.
```

>   Try not to confuse this `depends_on` YAML property with the [`-- depends_on`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/statement-blocks#example-using-depends_on), a SQL comment directive defined at the top of a model SQL file, which explicitly adds dependencies to the DAG and ensures the referenced resources are built before the model executes.

Author: ```suggestion
Do not confuse this `depends_on` YAML property with the [`-- depends_on`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/statement-blocks#example-using-depends_on) a SQL comment directive defined at the top of a model SQL file, which explicitly adds dependencies to the DAG and ensures the referenced resources are built before the model executes.
```
